README.md, before:

# progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti
### Javadoc
The javadoc of this project is located in the [javadoc](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/tree/master/javadoc) folder

### UML

Below are the links to the UMLs:

[UML Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/progetto_programmazione_ad_oggetti_java.png) 

 - [UML Spring Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/Spring/Spring.png)
 - [UML csvClasses Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/csvClasses.png)
    - [UML csvRetrieve Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/csvRetrieve/csvRetrieve.png)
    - [UML dataType Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/dataType/dataType.png)
 - [UML progetto Class diagram ](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/progetto.png)

[UML Use Case diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/user%20case/user%20case.png)

[UML Sequence diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/sequence%20diagram/sequence%20diagram.png)

Commit message:

final update of the project

README.md, after:

# progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti
### Project
The project is contained in the [progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti-java](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti-java/tree/master) folder
### Javadoc
The javadoc of this project is located in the [javadoc](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/tree/master/javadoc) folder

### UML

Below are the links to the UMLs:

[UML Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/progetto_programmazione_ad_oggetti_java.png) 

 - [UML Spring Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/Spring/Spring.png)
 - [UML csvClasses Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/csvClasses.png)
    - [UML csvRetrieve Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/csvRetrieve/csvRetrieve.png)
    - [UML dataType Class diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/csvClasses/dataType/dataType.png)
 - [UML progetto Class diagram ](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/class%20diagram/src/progetto.png)

[UML Use Case diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/user%20case/user%20case.png)

[UML Sequence diagram](https://github.com/defo-cris/progetto-programmazione-ad-oggetti/blob/master/uml/sequence%20diagram/sequence%20diagram.png)
